fix: don't consider used rules with atrules in the block (#13410)
sveltejs/svelte: .changeset/lazy-queens-agree.md

---
'svelte': patch
---

> fix: don't consider used rules with atrules in the block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: don't consider children of rules when checking whether they are used or not
```
